feat: add per-issuer JWKS cache to eliminate redundant network calls on warm path (#777)
apollographql/apollo-mcp-server: docs/source/auth.mdx

- Increase the timeout if your OAuth server is on a slow network or responds slowly.
- Decrease the timeout in high-performance environments where fast failure is preferred.

### JWKS cache

> Token validation requires Apollo MCP Server to fetch each authorization server's JSON Web Key Set (JWKS) — preceded by an OIDC/OAuth discovery call to locate the `jwks_uri`. Without caching, every authorized request pays the cost of both round trips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Token validation requires Apollo MCP Server to fetch each authorization server's JSON Web Key Set (JWKS)—preceded by an OIDC/OAuth discovery call to locate the `jwks_uri`. Without caching, every authorized request pays the cost of both round trips.
```

> Apollo MCP Server caches the JWKS per issuer in memory and reuses it on the warm path. Cached entries stay fresh for 10 minutes by default before the next request triggers a re-fetch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo MCP Server caches the JWKS per issuer in memory and reuses it on the warm path. Cached entries stay fresh for 10 minutes before the next request triggers a re-fetch.
```

**Behavior:**

- On a fresh hit where the requested `kid` is present, the cached JWKS is used and no network calls are made.

> - When there is no cached entry, the cached entry is stale, or the requested `kid` is not present in the cached entry, the next request may trigger a discovery + JWKS fetch and repopulate the cache — subject to the per-issuer refresh rate limit below. Newly rotated keys are picked up the next time a refresh fires for that issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When there is no cached entry, when the cached entry is stale, or when the requested `kid` is not present in the cached entry, the next request might trigger a discovery plus JWKS fetch and repopulate the cache, subject to a per-issuer refresh rate limit. Newly rotated keys are picked up the next time a refresh fires for that issuer.
```

> - Stale entries are still served for known `kid`s. If a refresh is rate-limited or fails — for example, during an identity provider outage — a `kid` present in the cached JWKS is still accepted. Only requests presenting a `kid` that is absent from the cache are rejected. Stale entries persist until the next successful refresh, so there is no upper bound on how long a known `kid` remains accepted while refreshes keep failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stale entries are still served for known `kid`s. If a refresh is rate-limited or fails—for example, during an identity-provider outage—a `kid` present in the cached JWKS is still accepted. Only requests presenting a `kid` that is absent from the cache are rejected. Stale entries persist until the next successful refresh, so there is no upper bound on how long a known `kid` remains accepted while refreshes keep failing.
```

- The cache is process-local. Each replica warms its own cache independently after startup.

**Considerations:**

> - When a request presents a `kid` that is not in the cached JWKS, Apollo MCP Server triggers a re-fetch — but to prevent fabricated `kid` values from driving one upstream round-trip per request, at most one re-fetch per issuer is allowed within a short internal window. Concurrent requests during an active re-fetch share that single upstream call. If the window is exhausted, the request is rejected with `401 Unauthorized` and the client can retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a request presents a `kid` that is not in the cached JWKS, Apollo MCP Server triggers a re-fetch, but to prevent fabricated `kid` values from driving one upstream round-trip per request, up to one re-fetch per issuer is allowed within a short internal window. Concurrent requests during an active re-fetch share that single upstream call. If the window is exhausted, the request is rejected with `401 Unauthorized`, and the client can retry.
```
